Post-Apocalyptic setting: The ruins of Salt Lake City
Ronald Trumpet, businessman extroardinaire, ruined the country by declaring war on Russia and Sudan, resulting in nuclear war
Hero is Joel the Silent: hobbies include rap music and apologizing
Main bad guy is Cameron the Salty, leader of the Salty Pirates: needs salt to live
After nuke, entire area became filled with salt dust (even in the air) making Cam unstoppable

The year is 2024. President Ronald Trumpet has successfully been reelected for his third term after ammending the Constitution. It is a dark time for humanity. Tensions between the U.S. and Mexico have increased and the Middle East remains in unrest. Russia has declared a trade embargo against the U.S. and its allies, the few that remain. The threat of Nuclear war looms over everyone's head. The end of civilization may be near.
Fast forward to 2027. The resulting war has decimated the U.S., leaving most of it in shambles. The pockets of civilization left have been left to fend for themselves. Most people have turned to forming small groups in hopes of surviving. Food and water are scarce. There is no hope. No hope until...
DUN DUN DUN Enter YOU, the hero, here to relieve the population of their suffering. With you is your trusty sidekick, an M40 nicknamed Chlamydia. You arrive in the remains of Salt Lake City just before sundown. You make it to the center of the town, ruined buildings everywhere. After wandering a bit, you come across a settlement of people.
As you walk to the center of town, a strange man approaches you. He is wearing a colorful, rainbow wig and a red nose on his face. He is giggling as he nears before finally speaking.
"Hey stranger. Wanna see a magic trick?"
Yes/No

If yes: The clown reaches at your face and pulls at your nose. He giggles while repeating that he has got your nose. You freak out internally and without saying a word, you pull out your knife and stab the clown in the abdomen. As the clown screams for help, you place your hand oh his throat, gripping hard enough where your fingers begin to penetrate the skin. Slowly, you rip out his esophagus, ceasing his screaming. After which, you repeatedly stab his abdomen before gingerly placing the knife on the ground. You then use your other hand to wiggle inside his wounds to grip his small intestine. Without hesitation, you violently rip out the intestine, and begin to wrap it around his head. The amount of blood makes it difficult for you to tighten it, but you manage anyhow. You stare into the clown's eyes as you watch his life slowly leave him. After his death, you stand up wiping his blood on your coat. You look to your left and see a little boy wearing a clown wig and a red nose staring horrified at the bloody carcass you have just left behind. 

If no: The clown angrily yells at you then slashes your throat with a broken shard of glass. You die. From salt you came, to salt you have returned.

